I was imprisoned
for a year and three months
for upholding Christian neutrality.
I was in a cell
with all types of hardened criminals.
I was sitting at home.
My whole family had been arrested.
They burned down the villages.
We had to go live in the bush.
That was difficult because we had a baby.
The police came in with guns,
pointed them at us and handcuffed us,
searched all our house, took everything away,
and took us to the detention center.
And that was the beginning of our imprisonment.
I was taken to prison
all alone and scared,
but I trusted in Jehovah
—that only he could protect me.
During that entire time,
what helped me was the thought
that Jehovah God would strengthen me
and that he was by my side.
Every day,
I would review all those scriptures
in my mind and go over them;
that was the first thing I did in the day.
So never at any time,
although I didn’t have a Bible,
did I feel any spiritual loss or weakness.
During the difficult moments with the baby,
we always prayed to Jehovah.
I saw Jehovah as my Father, as a real Person.
It was like I was hearing
Jehovah’s voice saying to me:
“My daughter, don’t worry. I am with you!”
So I never shrunk back.
I remained firm!
If I had valued myself, my freedom,
my health, or material gain
more than my relationship with Jehovah,
I might not have chosen to serve him.
But because I loved Jehovah
more than all these things,
I was able to choose Jehovah
even if that meant
that I had to serve time in prison.
Now I can freely serve God,
attend religious meetings,
and go in the ministry with my family.
I felt that Jehovah’s hand was with me
and that fear disappeared.
The one who gave me
so much strength was Jehovah.
If you love Jehovah, love has no fear;
love banishes fear.
And I can only say that my life,
despite everything, has been pleasant,
and I’ve been so happy.
In fact, there have been so many occasions
when it’s been positive joy.
So I feel that
that is because I’ve always kept Jehovah
right in front of my mind,
and I’m confident
that brothers and sisters who do the same
will find Jehovah will bless them
as he’s blessed me.
The fact that Jehovah
will never forget the loyalty that we show him
and the hope of Paradise that he has given us
help me to feel his love,
overcome my fear,
and become determined
to serve him loyally forever.